<!-- header may image sa background should be just half the height of the viewport -->
<!-- if possible carousel but could be too much if carousels nalang din lahat ng image think it over -->
“A healthy outside starts from the inside.” – Robert Urich

<!-- in white background just an opening -->
"Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments." (B. Frankel)
And you have chosen the right path! Our mission is to offer you the greenest and healtiest food accordingly! 

<!-- side by side two table questions and images in carousel -->
HOW DO I ORDER?
1. Sign-up for an account
2. Choose dates for your subscription.
3. Select the meals you want for each date.
4. Add to cart and checkout.
>DO YOU ACCEPT SPECIAL REQUESTS?
.Kindly double-check the data you have submitted on your order form.  If information is considered incomplete or unidentifiable, delivery cannot be completed. Likewise, CodeFit Meals shall not be accountable for any meals delayed or canceled due to faulty order details.
.Our team will evaluate allergies and sensitivities for clearance and may charge an additional fee. Please be advised that meals are not made in a facility that is allergen-free, and we cannot ensure that allergens are kept separate throughout storage, handling, and preparation.

View our complete guide on special requests and allergens here.
>CAN YOU CUSTOMIZE MY MEALS?
Meals cannot be changed upon request. However, upon choosing your meals, you can get complete nutrition information, including an ingredient list and macros, on the menu.
>HOW DO I STORE MY MEALS?
Meals should be consumed by the consumption date listed on the meal package. Once received, meals must be kept cold at all times. Reheat just prior to serving. CodeFit Meals will not be liable for meals stored improperly after delivery.

WHEN CAN I ORDER?
Our delivery schedule is from 5:00 - 11:00 every weekdays.

Due to the fact that this depends on the day's most effective route, which enables us to get to all of our clients on time, precise special time requests cannot be guaranteed.

If you need the meals delivered at a specific time, we advise scheduling your own delivery pick-up and picking them up from our storehouse.
>WHERE DO YOU DELIVER?
We provide delivery services across Metro Manila. Accommodations may be made for nearby areas. Please email contact codefitmeals@gmail.com to inquire about the accessibility of your location.
>WHY ARE THE DATES I WANT TO ORDER NO LONGER AVAILABLE?
The dates you intend to order may no longer be available for two reasons:
1. The needed lead time of two days has passed.
2. The available time slots are all taken.
>CAN I CHANGE MY DETAILS?
Please let us know of any modifications or cancellations at least two (2) days prior to the delivery date. Meals that are missed or cancelled after this period are deemed purchased, are not refundable, and are no longer eligible for credit.

DO YOU HAVE DISCOUNTS?
For discounted rates, you can check out our Meal Credits packages and save up to Php 30,000.00.

Our Meal Credits functions like the usual online wallet. Meal credits are available for discounted prices, and you can use those credits to pay for your meal plan order.
>HOW DO I PAY FOR MY PLAN?
.We accept payments via BDO or BPI online transfer,  bank deposit, Gcash (please request for link) or cash on delivery.
.Deliveries will be canceled for the duration of the subscription period if payments are not made on time and feedback is not provided. Customers will receive a formal confirmation from Pickle for any modifications or cancellations.

MORE INQUIRIES
Message us on Facebook: @codefitmeals

Message us on Instagram: @codefitmeals

E-mail us @: codefitmeals@gmail.com